Somya Kedia
Gururam Haryana • 9413554064
EMAIL • github.com/kediasomya • somya kedia
EDUCATION
• Varda Smart School Sikar Rajasthan
10th Percentage: 95.8% 2020
• SEM School Sikar Rajasthan
12th Percentage: 92.4% 2022
• The LNM Institute Of Information Technology Jaipur Rajasthan
B-Tech Communication And Computer Engineering (CCE) 2022 -
SKILLS
• C++: Data Structures And Algorithm
• SQL: Database Management
• Front-End: HTML, CSS, Javascript ,React native , React js
• Backend: Node js , Express js
PROJECTS
Wishlist Bot (HTML, CSS, Javascript, Python, Flask) [link]
Developed a wishlist bot for an online shopping platform, allowing users to mix and match outfits from topwear,
bottomwear, and footwear.
Implemented features like customizable scrolling, user preferences, and outfit visualization.
SafeShe (Flutter, Firebase, Python) [link]
Developing a women’s safety application featuring an emergency SOS system that sends live location updates to
registered emergency contacts.
Currentlyimplementinga”SafePath”featurethatpredictsthesafestroutebasedoncrimedataandareatrends
to ensure user safety.
ACHIEVEMENTS
• Phase 2 of Myntra HackerRamp 2024
Advanced to Phase 2 of Myntra HackerRamp 2024 after successfully clearing Phase 1, demonstrating strong
problem-solving and technical skills in a competitive environment. Certificate
• TA at DSA and Computer Programming Lab
Served as Teaching Assistant in the DSA Lab and currently at Computer programming Lab, mentoring stu-
dents,andprovidingguidanceondatastructures,algorithms,andprogrammingconceptswhilefacilitatinglab
sessions. Certificate
EXTRACURRICULARS
• Art Club Coordinator
Served as the coordinator and then the mentor of Art Club, LNMIIT. Led a team of around 100 members,
overseeing the planning, coordination, and execution of yearlong creative events.
• Member of LNMHACKS Organising Committee
Member of the Organizing Committee of LNMHacks, an annual hackathon at LNMIIT, successfully led and
executed LNMHacks 6.0, including hosting and event management.
• PR and Events Head at Vivacity Organising Committee
Public Relations and Events Head for Vivacity, the cultural festival at LNMIIT. Managed fest organization,
event promotion, and public communication to ensure strengthened participation in all over the fest, and
handling all aspects of event planning to execution.
1