Luv Sharma
Software Developer — Backend — Java
# luv05sharma@gmail.com (cid:131) +91-7073779311 (cid:239) linkedin.com/in/luv-sharma § github.com/Luv3522
Education
The LNM Institute Of Information And Technology Jaipur
Bachelors of Technology in Computer Science And Engineering 2020-2024
• Selected Coursework: Data Structures And Algorithms , Operating Systems , DBMS , Computer Networks
Experience
BluSmart Mobility Pvt. Ltd Gurugram , Haryana
Software Developer Engineer 12/2024 - Present
∗ Technology Used: Java, Spring Boot, SQL, MongoDB, Redis, Jenkins, CI/CD, Kibana
∗ Bulk Cancellation of rides- Collaborated with the backend team to optimize bulk ride cancellation processes,
contributing to a significant 6x performance improvement that reduced API execution time from 24s to 4s. Played a key
role in implementing efficient data filtering, reducing database calls, and leveraging concurrency to handle large-scale ride
cancellations during emergencies.
∗ Scheduled Rides- Worked closely with the analytics and operations teams to develop a real-time dashboard for
visualizing scheduled rides data. My contributions helped create MongoDB-backed analytics with advanced filtering
capabilities, which supported the team in improving demand forecasting and reducing resource misallocation by 25%
Software Developer Engineer Intern 06/2024 - 12/2024
∗ Technology Used: Java, Spring Boot, SQL, MongoDB, Redis, Jenkins, CI/CD, Kibana
∗ Partnered with the driver support and regional expansion teams to develop a self-service ride creation flow for drivers in
the Dubai region. As part of the collaborative effort, helped create a feature that increased driver partners’ income by
100% and reduced dispatch workload.
∗ Worked with the finance and development teams to create a bulk-refund feature, ensuring transactional integrity through
innovative Redis-based locking mechanisms in a distributed environment.
∗ Breakdown Management System for BluSmart- Collaborated across multiple teams to implement the Breakdown
Management System backend. Our collective efforts reduced the turnaround time for issue resolution by 90% and helped
decrease fraud by 30% in monthly billing.
Snoodify Remote
Backend Developer Intern 04/2024 - 06/2024
∗ Technology Used: Java, Spring Boot, SQL, AWS
∗ Collaborated with the product and design teams to build comprehensive reel engagement features. Contributed to
developing like, comment, and ”not interested” functionalities that increased user interaction by 40% and content
discovery by 35% within the first month of deployment.
Personal Projects
Client Management Application - LINK Dec 2022
· Tools technologies used: Eclipse IDE , Java , HTML , CSS , Spring Boot , REST API
· Designed and implemented backend RESTful API endpoints using Spring Boot, enabling CRUD operations on client data.
Developed database schema and utilized SQL queries to interact with the database for storing and retrieving client
information. Implemented user authentication mechanisms to ensure secure access to the application’s features.
Technical Skills
Languages: C++, Java , SQL
Developer Tools: Visual Studio Code, IntelliJ Idea , Eclipse IDE.
Technologies/Frameworks: Spring Framework , Kafka , Hibernate, Microservice Architecture , RESTful web services ,
OOPS , Design Patterns , AGILE , Maven , Git
Cloud/Databases: SQL , NoSQL ,Redis
Coursework: Data Structures, Algorithms , DBMS , Operating Systems, Computer Networks , Object-Oriented
Programming (OOP)
Coding Platforms: Leetcode , Geeks For Geeks